
Search...

Finance
Travel
Health
Lifestyle
Tech
Autos
What Does a Circuit Machine Do?
By Staff WriterLast Updated Jun 24, 2020 7:07:38 PM ET
New Cricut Joy™ - Now At Michaels®
SEE IT 
Ad - www.michaels.com/Official/Cricut
michaels.com has been visited by 357k+ users
Everything You Love About Cricut® Just Got Better. Personalize Just About Anything. This Smart Cutting Machine Available In-Store & Online.
Shop wholesale at Darice. See How. Get the latest on trends, deals and promotions ...
Buy Cricut Die-Cut Machines - Spark Your Crafting Creativity
SEE IT 
Ad - www.joann.com/JOANN/Stores - Jo-Ann Stores
joann.com has been visited by 191k+ users
Find Essential Supplies For Every DIY Project. Skip The Wait & Pick-up In Store For Free. Spark Your Creativity With Our Wide Selection For Every Craft Need. Shop At JOANN.com Now.
Shop the right Cricut crafting machines at JOANN. Cut paper vinyl, fabric & more for ...
Anyone who enjoys crafting will have no trouble putting a Cricut machine to good use. Instead of cutting intricate shapes out with scissors, your Cricut will make short work of these tedious tasks.

Advertisement

What Is a Cricut Machine?
A Cricut machine is a die-cutting machine that works with your computer to cut out designs and shapes. The design originates on your computer, and you send it to a printer to get a hard copy of the design. One of the best aspects of working with a Cricut is its versatility. With a Cricut near your computer, you can cut out designs from paper. However, you can also cut designs out of craft foam, vinyl, fabric, sticker paper and more.

Cricut for Beginners
When you first unbox your Cricut, you might feel a little overwhelmed by the many capabilities of the machine. With your Cricut, you'll get a power cord, storage bag, cutting mats, a blade, a silver pen and some samples. There's a bit of a learning curve for the Cricut, so the best place to start is by reading the Cricut instructions. Not only does the Cricut cut, but it also draws either with special markers designed to work with the machine or with other markers. Clean your Cricut regularly to keep the components in good working order.